Sister Time, your skin condition is really amazing.
Get out without makeup
I'm sorry first, sister, I'm sorry.
But
The ears are about to start
What is an interview?
Tomorrow's blue blood endorsement is the highlight
No, Sister Qinxian will come to learn advertising tomorrow.
Substitution
Who else besides me has been endorsed by Gladiolus School? It's me
Teacher Song, you quit the screen
Sanniang came back to grab an endorsement from me
Why rob you
My Diva
You are just a little flower
Do you deserve it?
You still have to figure out your identity
De or not, there must be more than one
It should be replaced.
This is what the company means.
It's more what Miss Tang means
Cheng Yao, he knows that blue blood endorsement is my life
He Dare
I knew it was your life
So I changed it
endorsement
Give it back!
Sister Xianxian, it's almost time for you to play, hurry up
The director has urged it several times.
I can't save this one
You're crazy. This is a Star interview
You want to offend the TV station
Offend all sponsors?
I wouldn't dare to.
After all, it was the Tang Consortium who offended these people
It's you
The matter of Meng Xianxian's endorsement can be discussed separately.
Don't use it together, right?
Sister Xianxian, the director and this article are both crazy
Meng Xianxian, I and my ancestors
Sister Xianxian, please don't be petty
It's a countdown, right?
Miss, hurry up
It's all fried outside
Ten seconds.
Stop making trouble and count down to 5 seconds.
3 Thank you
2 I beg you 1
I won, dummy.
You've been tricked